[FX-4607] Migrate ApplicationUpdateNotification to TailwindCSS (#4278)
toptal/picasso: .changeset/five-beds-wonder.md

---
'@toptal/picasso-application-update-notification': major
---

### ApplicationUpdateNotification

- migrate from MUI to TailwindCSS and MUI Base UI

> - row attribute is changed from 'alert' to presentation due an issue with the screen readers in Firefox https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/29080

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- change the `role` attribute from `alert` to `presentation` due to an issue with the screen readers in Firefox https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/29080
```
